men men men men
you not with you before
I say it in the bowl and so be terry
add a blue thumb
up behind below this video and
let's go
people people people succeed one shot
tomorrow some that such a shot so and
this morning if I'm good at it so me
hope also do well at this time and
what i mean by this morning is
actually at seven o'clock in the afternoon
because then roughly cutting head
how good for you was not the
quick scope
the third because here may go it
talk about something today
a subject I have my head for who
I can come up with the subject and yes
people believed cool don't believe it
today's topic is with
actually in my younger years
when I was just a child born in
received little attention and then I have it
not about my parents or something then i have
it purely and only about the children
students the people around me actually
and 9 your family us family socks mens
only me are around here now
my husband who understands life around me
and my controller is so broken
that is how his ps4 was
oh what are ps4 controller they actually
Jan drugs broke and it only costs until
80 euros and that's how I want it
outside the team
oh my god how should i want this game
I think that winning is nice for you
ok my gift with the subject
continue how am i dead
warm received little attention it was like that
for example, that everyone actually supports it
stood on me
they all knew things before one
shit only who knew role how should i
say it
on the net had no worries that each other
as a friend immediately was through before
facebook I actually this time
dude sits down to get urine
then a crown
I never actually play music with my class
after after class or sofa
name fucking when it went school and then
I do speak about the sixth grade and
for the Dutch
then I speak about the six five years
back or something
how nice for your sander look that i
just can kilo for a small piece of mine
video
no no no my video cannot come
because I make it again or something or that
something
no still can the channel so i was
actually someone who's little mine
student platform sole and I was
not really socially so therefore
I don't like that from my students
had each other 's numbers only
sheeplike bed and iq
i just talked my dad can nobody
to school everyone is so typical
actually except me
that's what everyone was up to
cheese best to fables or
and i have a controller as a friend
I'm not funny with shed
commit suicide
you go again is that in the comments
suicide is something serious i need
I want to stop my life
stop call or duty catching yes then
is actually my subject to it
just to say you i can do little
attention that was the subject or there
video joke but I still need one
piece where the code
coughs well or maybe I can do something
interesting say i have this
upcoming only
I'm actually going one every two weeks
try Saturday or almost every Saturday
go live at 7 p.m. for you
so remember , then write to you
agenda almost every Saturday ecolife at 19
just remember for hours because live and is
just so much fun
I see it coming almost every Saturday
probably there now every Saturday
but wish i had such a try
Remember welcoming day Saturday takes
your service men do that is fucking fan
can i give you a trick shot that i got for it
that I had a cue but yes you have
enjoyed these bowls or tari
Give your loved one already like
hate me here already had a like
you subscribe me if you were bored and the
check my social media in the
description follow me on everything too
twitch because Saturday at 7 pm none
known and live
probably i'm not sure
so we used quiet and calm apps and if
also say
participation life and alia alia alia alia
no back-up and more alone
yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes
yes hi5 mee ale yes after yes yes do that then
not hey yes you do you can the video
stop
I also give an ifile so please
only yes no yes yes yes my fight till
ok yes no yes no yes yes yes